hey everyone its ashlee and today i am
bringing you my Friday reads I actually
haven't done one of these videos in a
very long time so I'm excited to show
you guys what I plan on reading over the
weekend okay so first of all I want to
finish deadly class this is by REM
endure Craig and the cover is by Lou
rich um this is about basically a school
for like mobsters sons and daughters in
etc to go to learn how to become
assassins / mobster / stuff like that um
so far it's really good i'm about
halfway through it and I'm really really
liking it the artwork is so cool and so
different actually going to show you
guys like for example they do like
really cool like colorations through the
whole thing and I just like really like
what they do with the colors I want to
find one that is a better example like
here's another example of how they just
really play with colors I just honestly
it's so good and I mean don't get me
wrong a huge reader I love plot lines
but when it comes to graphic novels like
lately I have been obsessed with graphic
novels that have artwork that I just
love so like if I had no idea about a
plot line or something but I saw that
the artwork was just intriguing and
unique I would probably pick it up at
this point um but the plot line of this
actually is really good and a lot of
people read it and really liked it so
I'm excited to see where it's headed and
next we have miss mayhem by rachel
hawkins i actually have already started
this i just want to continue reading it
in or finish it over the weekend this is
the sequel to rebel Belle I talked all
about this book in my April TBR video
which i will leave linked down below for
you guys but I can't really tell you
much about it because I would be
spoiling the plot line to rebel Belle
but I really really like Rachel Hawkins
writing style and this book so far has
been very very action packed so I'm kind
of just excited to see where it's headed
and if I finish both of those things and
or just aren't in the mood for either of
those things I will pick up either I was
here by Gayle Forman or the 100-day 21
by cast Morgan's is actually a book that
I'm boring right now which is why i
don't have the desk jacket I really need
to purchase my own copy of this so yeah
I haven't start
either of these books yet but if I
either finish both of the other two that
I showed you or if I'm just not in the
mood for either one of those i will pick
up one of these so those are my Friday
reads and or my potential Friday reads
if you have read or want to read any of
these comment down below and always let
me know whether you liked it or didn't
like it and what are you planning on
reading this weekend comment down below
and let me know and otherwise I will see
you guys soon with another video happy
reading bye